The following is an excerpt from the tourist comments of Beishui town since ancient times:

Since then, the beauty of Nantang has been as beautiful as that of wennian nine years ago. In June this year, my sister-in-law, who came back from the United States, went to gubeishui Town, known as "Wuzhen in the north". Gubei water town = water town + Simatai Great Wall, the scenery is like today's woman man, with gentle heart and strong character like iron man. Starting from downtown on Sunday, book the "Gubei Shuizhen Hotel". Hotel guests can enjoy half price of water town tickets. On the first day of visiting gubeishui Town, yantanghe is divided into three areas from west to East: Shuijie historical area, wolongbao folk culture area and Tanghe ancient village area. All the way to visit the scenic spots "Sima Xiaoshao", "Yongshun dyeing workshop", "goldfish workshop", experience painting kites in "wind house kites", Yang Wudi temple and Zhenyuan escort agency, return to Riyue Island square at sunset and have dinner in Tanghe Muslim restaurant. The weather in Shuizhen changes a lot during the day. In the morning, it is blue sky and white clouds. In the afternoon, after the rain, Shuizhen is full of green and wet, as if walking on the block of Wuzhen. At night, it's full of tourists. It's four or five degrees lower than the city. The whole water town and Simatai Great Wall are more mysterious and charming under the night light. Jiankuntang lantern shop, a small one in the daytime, is very busy in the evening. Most of the guests carry one or two lanterns. The memories and expectations of childhood... The next morning, they enter the garden again with their fingerprints and ID cards. The whole water town was still sleeping. We went straight to the great wall of Simatai and began to challenge ourselves... The sun was burning and the people were sweating. Instead of choosing the cable car, they climbed from the East Second floor to the East eighth floor Wangjing tower. Simatai Great Wall, which is famous for its strangeness, peculiarity and danger, has finally stepped on its feet and praised for everyone! There are many recreational activities in gubeishui town. After climbing the Great Wall, you just go to the "Yuda hot spring" pool for a dip. During the day, you can not only relax your body and mind and relieve fatigue, but also enjoy the towering Great Wall in the distance while soaking. Then you can experience the "Eight Banners guild hall" and "Gubei roast pear". "Rowing boat" is also a major feature of Gubei water town. You can feel the simplicity of Shuizhen during the day and enjoy the dim lights at night. No boat, leave a little regret, hope to come again next time, gubeishui Town, I will come back!
There are several reasons why I feel very comfortable. First, humanistic care. There are many places for people to rest. You can see the benches within a few steps. Because of the cold weather, all the benches are covered with cotton mats. The audience in front of the stage is also warm. The second is the toilet setting and sanitation. The scenic spot is not big, but there are many toilets with antique appearance and no odor. If it wasn't for the unique toilet sign, you wouldn't think it was a toilet. It's also very tidy, with toilet paper and toilet paper. If there is toilet gasket paper in the compartment of the toilet, it will be perfect. Third, details. I noticed that many garbage cans in the scenic area also have the appearance of Jiangnan style. There are two small pots of green plants on them. They are cleaned in time. It's probably cold and there is no peculiar smell. Fourth, the quality of personnel. Uniform work clothes, uniform charging mode, and modest work attitude. It's not that surprising enthusiasm, but if you ask for directions, or speak in a wrong way, you can't feel that you are in the scenic area.
With my family, the weekend weather is very good ~ summer scenery is very beautiful, green plants are growing up, water green, a lot of fish, a lot of beautiful buildings, boats, in short, here, the environment is really good, the scenery is very beautiful ~ day and night, feel like two worlds, very beautiful, very beautiful ~ ~ ~ recommend you to come here to play for a day or two ~ ~ ~ can fully feel this The day and night in the sky, it's amazing! The food and beverage here pays more attention to form than taste! It's really very general, but the decoration and adjustment are very good. If you come for the delicious food, you will be disappointed, but just to feel the atmosphere. Here's a good choice ~ ~ ~ let's all play. Don't take the battery car, walk, walk down, basically 4-5 hours! It's fun! To the designers here, a big praise!!!
On Sunday morning, it was noon when we arrived at Dashui town. We arrived at the Great Wall source homestay, which was ordered in advance. We stayed outside the gubeishui town scenic spot, but it was very close. It was only 5 minutes. But we don't have enough tickets to buy a 2.3-month tour of the Great Wall plus cable car in the afternoon There are few people in the evening, and the accommodation is cheap, which is twice as expensive as the weekdays. There are many places to live in the water town, including hotels and B & B. because the tickets are one-time, you can't go in when you come out. If you live in the water town, you don't have to worry about the secondary expenses if you can't finish the tour in one day, but the accommodation inside is not very easy to book, and it's much more expensive than outside. I think it's enough to finish the tour in one day, mainly to see the night scenery, which is very good. There is a stroller at the entrance. The staff said that one third of it is stairs, but we still took the car with us. We were afraid that the child would fall asleep and there was no place to put it. So we had to carry the car up the stairs many times along the way, but it was OK on the whole. It didn't take much effort. At 5:30, we can take the cable car to the Great Wall. The entrance of the Great Wall is in the innermost part of Shuizhen. We strolled to take photos and arrived just after 5 o'clock. Because the children are young, three years old and three months old, young people with good legs will be faster. There is a food street and a convenience store inside. You can eat a little, take a cable car up the mountain, get off the cable car and walk to the beacon tower of the Great Wall. Because the night view of the Great Wall is not open for a long time, only two beacon towers can be visited at night, but it's enough, because it takes a long time to get there. I wanted to see the night view on the Great Wall before I came down, but the wind was strong and cool, and the child was young. I didn't wait for the light to come on at 7:45, so I took the cable car down. The entrance of the Great Wall is very close to the Shuizhen music fountain. It takes about 2 minutes. There will be music fountains at 7:40, with an interval of 35 minutes, 20 minutes for each, and around 10:30. There is a Peking opera performance in Riyuewan square. It's great. The scenery on the way back is very beautiful. It's more beautiful than during the day. The bars are all open. It's like the old town of Lijiang, but it's not so busy. There's also a place for foot bathing. There are two free hot springs outside, which are very comfortable. There is also a hot spring at the foot of the Great Wall. It's a hot spring hotel. It's a matter of time. In addition, I didn't take a swimsuit. Unfortunately, I can see the Great Wall from the open-air hot spring. The overall feeling is good. It is suitable for short distance travel in Beijing Tianjin Hebei region, and the cost of accommodation is acceptable. It takes about 3 hours to drive from Tianjin, so self driving is suitable.
Take a weekend holiday and come to Gubei water town, which has enjoyed a long reputation! Water town, a variety of activities and entertainment, not to mention a few highlights! One is to live in Wangjing tower, the innermost part of the water town, close to Yuanyang Lake. It's a pleasure to have a close look at Simatai, a pot of tea on the balcony at night, the night view of the Great Wall, the stars all over the sky, and the sound of the gurgling water! Second, you must go to the church at the top of the mountain. You can sit on the terrace of the cloud coffee at sunset and at the beginning of the lights. You can have a panoramic view of the beautiful water town. You can make a good coffee with your other hand! The third is the route. From Wangjing tower to the gate, you can stroll and play. Finally, you can take a boat near the gate to enjoy the night scenery. It's very worthwhile! In a word, it's a wonderful weekend to have a holiday and enjoy the pictures.